hi everyone especially today
for a simple recipe
it's going to be a dessert a dessert cream
with that and vegan chocolate so this is a
recipe that my laurine friend of the chain
pop in blush advised me and since
yesterday made me discover that I
would often celebrate since it's really
very very simple to do
and it's really excellent
I hope you enjoy it I will
leave right away with the list of
ingredients
so to make two ramekins of
chocolate cream this veg you will have
need two oars in the heart of milk of
so soy there I use the ramekin
like as a measuring cup you will have
need four squares of dark chocolate
you will also need two
tablespoons cornstarch
potatoes you can even tried
with another flour and you will have
also need two tablespoons
shave sugar so I have sugar
refined is better to take sugar
unrefined where you do with that
Now you finally pay all
our ingredients in a saucepan for
can start to heat them
now you dilute well before
to heat since otherwise you go
to have lumps is really it's
important to dilute your flour
in your liquid and once that is
well said better you can turn on your
fire on low heat and start doing
heat until his cp 6
so that's created an email is really in
to thicken
and you can continue until
it has the consistency that you like
in fact more or less more or less
consistent I like it when it's
like that a little bit harder and a
once these loans that it suits you
you extinguish the fire around 6am in your
ramekins and hop direction the fridge for
a few hours
here is my cream is well taken
look a little bit at the
texture that we really have a texture of
crem so it really looks like cream
you buy in supermarkets and
this alone and dan is more or less taken
according to whether you have put more or
less flour you can adjust yourself
even to have the consistency that
you agree me I had to do it
many times in order to really find
dosages that I like
so now I have not tasted all that
I still have success now
frankly I tested several flour
it works with everything and I'm waiting
to try this with almond powder
Milk tracking cut too short
coconut crumbs all so I'll you
imagine that the possibilities of
variations on the background of variants are
infinite so do not hesitate to put a
little green if you are a little
blow of bluff if you liked this
video commented to share with you
Subscribe
Finally, do not hesitate to tell me what
that you thought of this recipe if
you want some other sweet salty
in any case I love this recipe and
I would celebrate it very often so
do not hesitate to tell me that you have
but if it's only ciao